Updating input topic (#418)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/components/input.md

## Input Demo

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/input_demo.png" srcset="../images/input_demo@2x.png 2x" />

## Types

The Input lets you choose a preset from three options: hint which comes with a helper text, searchbar, and simple.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/input_simple.png" srcset="../images/input_simple@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/input_hint.png" srcset="../images/input_hint@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/input_searchbar.png" srcset="../images/input_searchbar@2x.png 2x" />

The hint and simple presets offer choice between three distinct types: line style for a more airy look, border style for a more structured perception on solid color backgrounds, and boxed style which is most appropriate when the Input is placed on top of a vivid image to improve the readability of its content.

> <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/input_simple.png" srcset="../images/input_simple@2x.png 2x" />

Reviewer: add below a border and box type

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/input_hint.png" srcset="../images/input_hint@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/input_searchbar.png" srcset="../images/input_searchbar@2x.png 2x" />

The hint and simple presets offer choice between three distinct types: line style for a more airy look, border style for a more structured perception on solid color backgrounds, and boxed style which is most appropriate when the Input is placed on top of a vivid image to improve the readability of its content.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/input_simple.png" srcset="../images/input_simple@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/input_border.png" srcset="../images/input_border@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/input_box.png" srcset="../images/input_box@2x.png 2x" />

## Interaction State

Each of these presets can be inserted in an enabled or disabled state.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/input_enabled.png" srcset="../images/input_enabled@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/input_disabled.png" srcset="../images/input_disabled@2x.png 2x" />

## Variant

> The Input can be used styled in **dark** and light variants to assure good readability and contrast for both lighter and darker backgrounds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Input can be styled in **dark** and light variants to assure good readability and contrast for both lighter and darker backgrounds.
```

## Layout

> The Input has rich support for prefix and suffix through text string or icon that can, in certain cases, reduce the input effort for the user: e.g. an @email.com suffix means both less keystrokes and more clarity of expected content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Input has rich support for prefix and suffix through a combination of text and icons that can, in certain cases, reduce the input effort for the user: e.g. an @email.com suffix means both fewer keystrokes and more clarity of expected content. You can remove the prefix or suffix by setting the respective container to ~No Symbol from the overrides.
```

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/input_prefix.png" srcset="../images/input_prefix@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/input_suffix.png" srcset="../images/input_suffix@2x.png 2x" />

## Styling

> The Input comes with styling achievable through changing the primary, success, warning, and error colors of your theme in the Styling library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Input comes with styling flexibility through the colors of its background and bottom line, as well as icon color and text styles of its prefix, suffix, and main areas of content. To change the validation styles, it is recommended to update the respective color variables in the Indigo.Design library. 
```
